API:-info.json.md, before:

Use `http://www.reddit.com/api/info.json?url=` to grab information about a URL's submissions on reddit.

**Note:** For the same data in XML, please see [[API: info.xml]].

## GET Data

- `url` - The URL of the page you are requesting information about.

## Example Response

If the `reddit_session` cookie is not present in the request, the API will return `false` for `saved` and `hidden`, and `null` for `likes`, but the rest of the information returned will be the same as if the user was logged in.

Otherwise, the API will return something like the following about the submissions with `saved` and `null` customized for the currently logged in user:

```javascript
{
    "kind": "Listing",
    "data": {
        "modhash": "f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0",
        "children": [{
            "kind": "t3",
            "data": {
                "domain": "blog.reddit.com",
                "media_embed": {},
                "levenshtein": null,
                "subreddit": "blog",
                "selftext_html": null,
                "selftext": "",
                "likes": true,
                "saved": true,
                "id": "i0jf9",
                "clicked": false,
                "author": "hueypriest",
                "media": null,
                "score": 1520,
                "over_18": false,
                "hidden": false,
                "thumbnail": "http://thumbs.reddit.com/t3_i0jf9.png",
                "subreddit_id": "t5_2qh49",
                "downs": 2381,
                "is_self": false,
                "permalink": "/r/blog/comments/i0jf9/reddit_levels_up_with_three_new_programmers/",
                "name": "t3_i0jf9",
                "created": 1308164715.0,
                "url": "http://blog.reddit.com/2011/06/reddit-levels-up-with-three-new.html",
                "title": "reddit Levels Up with Three New Programmers",
                "created_utc": 1308164715.0,
                "num_comments": 533,
                "ups": 3901
            }
        }, {
            "kind": "t3",
            "data": {
                "domain": "blog.reddit.com",
                "media_embed": {},
                "levenshtein": null,
                "subreddit": "ifyoulikeblank",
                "selftext_html": null,
                "selftext": "",
                "likes": false,
                "saved": false,
                "id": "i0o2k",
                "clicked": false,
                "author": "warrrennnnn",
                "media": null,
                "score": 80,
                "over_18": false,
                "hidden": false,
                "thumbnail": "http://thumbs.reddit.com/t3_i0o2k.png",
                "subreddit_id": "t5_2sekf",
                "downs": 5,
                "is_self": false,
                "permalink": "/r/ifyoulikeblank/comments/i0o2k/guess_which_awesome_new_subreddit_was_mentioned/",
                "name": "t3_i0o2k",
                "created": 1308174144.0,
                "url": "http://blog.reddit.com/2011/06/reddit-levels-up-with-three-new.html",
                "title": "Guess which \"awesome new subreddit\" was mentioned in the latest Reddit blogpost? r/ifyoulikeblank, you rock :D",
                "created_utc": 1308174144.0,
                "num_comments": 3,
                "ups": 85
            }
        }],
        "after": null,
        "before": null
    }
}
```

## API Reference: info.json

- ###kind  *(string)*

    The type of thing (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) this is, which translates to *Listing*.

- ### data *(object)*

    Holds relevant data about the URL

    - ### modhash *(string)*

        The page's modhash (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) needed for voting and other API calls.

    - ### children *(array)*

        [Unix time](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time) that the user's account was created in [UTC](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coordinated_Universal_Time)

        - ### domain *(string)*

            The domain of the page that was submitted, *not* including the protocol.

    - ### after *([null, string])*

        If not `null`, it is the FULLNAME (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) of the post previous to the first one in `children` if what the API returns is paginated.

    - ###before *([null, string])*

        If not `null`, it is the FULLNAME (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) of the post after the last one in `children` if what the API returns is paginated.

Commit message:

added data and kind, and further indented domain

API:-info.json.md, after:

Use `http://www.reddit.com/api/info.json?url=` to grab information about a URL's submissions on reddit.

**Note:** For the same data in XML, please see [[API: info.xml]].

## GET Data

- `url` - The URL of the page you are requesting information about.

## Example Response

If the `reddit_session` cookie is not present in the request, the API will return `false` for `saved` and `hidden`, and `null` for `likes`, but the rest of the information returned will be the same as if the user was logged in.

Otherwise, the API will return something like the following about the submissions with `saved` and `null` customized for the currently logged in user:

```javascript
{
    "kind": "Listing",
    "data": {
        "modhash": "f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0",
        "children": [{
            "kind": "t3",
            "data": {
                "domain": "blog.reddit.com",
                "media_embed": {},
                "levenshtein": null,
                "subreddit": "blog",
                "selftext_html": null,
                "selftext": "",
                "likes": true,
                "saved": true,
                "id": "i0jf9",
                "clicked": false,
                "author": "hueypriest",
                "media": null,
                "score": 1520,
                "over_18": false,
                "hidden": false,
                "thumbnail": "http://thumbs.reddit.com/t3_i0jf9.png",
                "subreddit_id": "t5_2qh49",
                "downs": 2381,
                "is_self": false,
                "permalink": "/r/blog/comments/i0jf9/reddit_levels_up_with_three_new_programmers/",
                "name": "t3_i0jf9",
                "created": 1308164715.0,
                "url": "http://blog.reddit.com/2011/06/reddit-levels-up-with-three-new.html",
                "title": "reddit Levels Up with Three New Programmers",
                "created_utc": 1308164715.0,
                "num_comments": 533,
                "ups": 3901
            }
        }, {
            "kind": "t3",
            "data": {
                "domain": "blog.reddit.com",
                "media_embed": {},
                "levenshtein": null,
                "subreddit": "ifyoulikeblank",
                "selftext_html": null,
                "selftext": "",
                "likes": false,
                "saved": false,
                "id": "i0o2k",
                "clicked": false,
                "author": "warrrennnnn",
                "media": null,
                "score": 80,
                "over_18": false,
                "hidden": false,
                "thumbnail": "http://thumbs.reddit.com/t3_i0o2k.png",
                "subreddit_id": "t5_2sekf",
                "downs": 5,
                "is_self": false,
                "permalink": "/r/ifyoulikeblank/comments/i0o2k/guess_which_awesome_new_subreddit_was_mentioned/",
                "name": "t3_i0o2k",
                "created": 1308174144.0,
                "url": "http://blog.reddit.com/2011/06/reddit-levels-up-with-three-new.html",
                "title": "Guess which \"awesome new subreddit\" was mentioned in the latest Reddit blogpost? r/ifyoulikeblank, you rock :D",
                "created_utc": 1308174144.0,
                "num_comments": 3,
                "ups": 85
            }
        }],
        "after": null,
        "before": null
    }
}
```

## API Reference: info.json

- ###kind  *(string)*

    The type of thing (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) this is, which translates to *Listing*.

- ### data *(object)*

    Holds relevant data about the URL

    - ### modhash *(string)*

        The page's modhash (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) needed for voting and other API calls.

    - ### children *(array)*

        An array that holds each post that was submitted for this URL.

        - ### kind *(string)*

            The type of thing (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) this is, which translates to *Link*.

        - ### data *(object)*

            Holds relevant post data.

            - ### domain *(string)*

                The domain of the page that was submitted, *not* including the protocol.

    - ### after *([null, string])*

        If not `null`, it is the FULLNAME (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) of the post previous to the first one in `children` if what the API returns is paginated.

    - ###before *([null, string])*

        If not `null`, it is the FULLNAME (see **glossary** on the [[API]] page) of the post after the last one in `children` if what the API returns is paginated.
