JSON.md, before:

This document describes the data structure of an object returned when using the reddit JSON API.  Items attached with a `?` are not definite and are subject to change.  Validation and peer review are needed for those items.  They should not be taken as literal question marks.

## `thing` (reddit base class) ##
All `thing`s have these attributes:

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `id`                     | this item's identifier, e.g. "8xwlg" |
| `String`  | `name`                   | Fullname of comment, e.g. "t1_c3v7f8u" |
| `String`  | `kind`                   | All `thing`s have a `kind`.  The kind is a String identifier that denotes the object's type.  Some examples: `Listing`, `more`, `t1`, `t2` |
| `Object`  | `data`                   | A custom data structure used to hold valuable information.  This object's format will follow the data structure respective of its kind.  See below for specific structures. |

**Exception**: Listing `thing`s have neither `name` nor `id` because they are indefinite objects.  That is, they are system generated, not user submitted, and are subject to change quickly and expire.

## `listing` ##
Used to [paginate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pagination) content that is too long to display in one go.  Add the query argument `before` or `after` with the value given to get the previous or next page.  This is usually used in conjunction with a `count` argument.

**Exception**:  Unlike the other classes documented on this page, `Listing` is [not a `thing` subclass](https://github.com/reddit/reddit/blob/master/r2/r2/models/listing.py#L36), as it inherits directly from the Python base class, Object.  Although it does have `data` and `kind` as parameters, it does not have `id` and `name`.  A listing's `kind` will always be `Listing` and its data will be a List of `thing`s.

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `before`                 | The fullname of the listing that follows before this page.  `null` if there is no previous page. |
| `String`  | `after`                  | The fullname of the listing that follows after this page. `null` if there is no next page. |
| `String`  | `modhash`                | This modhash is not the same modhash provided upon login.  You do not need to update your user's modhash everytime you get a new modhash.  You can reuse the modhash given upon login. |
| `List<thing>`|  `data`               | A list of `thing`s that this Listing wraps. |

## votable (implementation) ##
All `thing`s that implement `votable` have these attributes:

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `int`     | `ups`                    | the number of upvotes. (includes own) |
| `int`     | `downs`                  | the number of downvote. (includes own) |
| `Boolean` | `likes`                  | `true` if thing is liked by the user, `false` if thing is disliked, `null` if the user has not voted or you are not logged in. Certain languages such as Java may need to use a boolean wrapper that supports null assignment.|

## created (implementation) #
All `thing`s that implement `created` have these attributes:

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `long`    | `created`                | the time of creation in local epoch-second format. ex: `1331042771.0` |
| `long`    | `created_utc`            | the time of creation in UTC epoch-second format. Note that neither of these ever have a non-zero fraction. |


## Data Structures ##
***
### comment (implements votable | created) ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `approved_by`            | who approved this comment. null if nobody or you are not a mod |
| `String`  | `author`                 | the account name of the poster |
| `String`  | `author_flair_css_class` | the CSS class of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `String`  | `author_flair_text`      | the text of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `String`  | `banned_by`              | who removed this comment. null if nobody or you are not a mod |
| `String`  | `body`                   | the raw text.  this is the unformatted text which includes the raw markup characters such as `**` for bold. `<`, `>`, and `&` are escaped. |
| `String`  | `body_html`              | the formatted HTML text as displayed on reddit. For example, text that is emphasised by `*` will now have `<em>` tags wrapping it. Additionally, bullets and numbered lists will now be in html list format. **NOTE:** The html string will be escaped. You must unescape to get the raw html. |
| `special` | `edited`                 | `false` if not edited, edit date in UTC epoch-seconds otherwise |
| `int`     | `gilded`                 | the number of times this comment received reddit gold |
| `String`  | `link_id`                | ID of the link this comment is in |
| `String`  | `link_title`             | only present at `/r/subreddit/comments/.json`, contains what it says |
| `int`     | `num_reports`            | how many times this comment has been reported, null if not a mod |
| `String`  | `parent_id`              | ID of the thing this comment is a reply to, either the link or a comment in it |
| `String`  | `subreddit`              | subreddit of thing excluding the /r/ prefix. "pics" |
| `String`  | `subreddit_id`           | the id of the subreddit which is the thing is located in |
| `String`  | `distinguished`          | to allow determining whether they have been distinguished by moderators/admins. `null` = not distinguished. `moderator` = the green [M]. `admin` = the red [A]. `special` = various other special distinguishes http://bit.ly/ZYI47B|

***
### link (implements votable | created) ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `author`                 | the account name of the poster. null if this is a promotional link |
| `String`  | `author_flair_css_class` | the CSS class of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `String`  | `author_flair_text`      | the text of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `boolean` | `clicked`                | probably always returns false |
| `String`  | `domain`                 | the domain of this link.  Self posts will be `self.reddit.com` while other examples include `en.wikipedia.org` and `s3.amazon.com` |
| `boolean` | `hidden`                 | true if the post is hidden by the logged in user.  false if not logged in or not hidden. |
| `boolean` | `is_self`                | true if this link is a selfpost |
| `String`  | `link_flair_css_class`   | the CSS class of the link's flair. |
| `String`  | `link_flair_text`        | the text of the link's flair. |
| `Object`  | `media`                  | Used for streaming video. Detailed information about the video and it's origins are placed here |
| `Object`  | `media_embed`            | Used for streaming video. Technical embed specific information is found here. |
| `int`     | `num_comments`           | the number of comments that belong to this link. includes removed comments. |
| `boolean` | `over_18`                | true if the post is tagged as NSFW.  False if otherwise |
| `String`  | `permalink`              | relative url of the permanent link for this link |
| `boolean` | `saved`                  | true if this post is saved by the logged in user |
| `int`     | `score`                  | the net-score of the link.  **note:** A submission's score is simply the number of upvotes minus the number of downvotes. If five users like the submission and three users don't it will have a score of 2. Please note that the vote numbers are not "real" numbers, they have been "fuzzed" to prevent spam bots etc. So taking the above example, if five users upvoted the submission, and three users downvote it, the upvote/downvote numbers may say 23 upvotes and 21 downvotes, or 12 upvotes, and 10 downvotes. The points score is correct, but the vote totals are "fuzzed".|
| `String`  | `selftext`               | the raw text.  this is the unformatted text which includes the raw markup characters such as `**` for bold. `<`, `>`, and `&` are escaped. Empty if not present. |
| `String`  | `selftext_html`          | the formatted escaped html text.  this is the html formatted version of the marked up text.  Items that are boldened by `**` or `***` will now have `<em>` or `***` tags on them. Additionally, bullets and numbered lists will now be in html list format. ***NOTE:*** The html string will be escaped.  You must unescape to get the raw html. Null if not present. |
| `String`  | `subreddit`              | subreddit of thing excluding the /r/ prefix. "pics" |
| `String`  | `subreddit_id`           | the id of the subreddit which is the thing is located in |
| `String`  | `thumbnail`              | full url to the thumbnail for this link; "self" if this is a self post |
| `String`  | `title`                  | the title of the link. may contain newlines for some reason |
| `String`  | `url`                    | the link of this post.  the permalink if this is a self-post |
| `long`    | `edited`                 | Indicates if link has been edited. Will be the edit timestamp if the link has been edited and return false otherwise. https://github.com/reddit/reddit/issues/581 |
| `String`  | `distinguished`          | to allow determining whether they have been distinguished by moderators/admins. `null` = not distinguished. `moderator` = the green [M]. `admin` = the red [A]. `special` = various other special distinguishes http://bit.ly/ZYI47B|

***
### subreddit ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `int`     | `accounts_active`        | number of users active in last 15 minutes |
| `String`  | `description`            | sidebar text |
| `String`  | `description_html`       | sidebar text, escaped HTML format |
| `String`  | `display_name`           | human name of the subreddit |
| `String`  | `header_img`             | full URL to the header image, or null |
| `array`   | `header_size`            | width and height of the header image, or null |
| `String`  | `header_title`           | description of header image shown on hover, or null |
| `boolean` | `over18`                 | is_nsfw? |
| `String`  | `public_description`     | Description shown in subreddit search results? |
| `long`    | `subscribers`            | the number of redditors subscribed to this subreddit |
| `String`  | `title`                  | title of the main page |
| `String`  | `url`                    | The relative URL of the subreddit.  Ex: "/r/pics/" |

***
### message (implements created) ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `author`                 |  |
| `String`  | `body`                   | the message itself |
| `String`  | `body_html`              | the message itself with html formatting |
| `String`  | `context`                | does not seem to return null but an empty string instead. |
| `Message`?| `first_message`          | either null or the first message's ID represented as base 10 (wtf) |
| `String`  | `name`                   | ex: "t4_8xwlg" |
| `boolean` | `new`                    | unread?  not sure |
| `String`  | `parent_id`              | null if no parent is attached |
| `String`  | `replies`                | Again, an empty string if there are no replies. |
| `String`  | `subject`                | subject of message |
| `String`  | `subreddit`              | null if not a comment. |
| `boolean` | `was_comment`            |  |

***
### account ###
| **type**       | **name**                 | **description** |
|:---------------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `int`          | `comment_karma`          | user's comment karma |
| `long`         | `created`                | registration date in epoch-seconds, local |
| `long`         | `created_utc`            | registration date in epoch-seconds, UTC |
| `boolean`      | `has_mail`               | user has unread mail? null if not your account |
| `boolean`      | `has_mod_mail`           | user has unread mod mail? null if not your account |
| `boolean`      | `has_verified_email`     | user has provided an email address and got it verified? |
| `String`       | `id`                     | ID of the account; prepend `t2_` to get fullname |
| `boolean`      | `is_friend`              | whether the logged-in user has this user set as a friend |
| `boolean`      | `is_gold`                | reddit gold status |
| `boolean`      | `is_mod`                 | whether this account moderates any subreddits |
| `int`          | `link_karma`             | user's link karma |
| `String`       | `modhash`                | current modhash. not present if not your account |
| `String`       | `name`                   | The username of the account in question.  This attribute overrides the superclass's `name` attribute.  Do not confuse an account's `name` which is the account's username with a thing's `name` which is the thing's FULLNAME.  See [API: Glossary](API) for details on what FULLNAMEs are. |
| `boolean`      | `over_18`                | whether this account is set to be over 18 |

Example:
```Raw account data
{	"kind": "t2", 
	"data": {
		"has_mail": false, 
		"name": "fooBar", 
		"created": 123456789.0, 
		"modhash": "f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0...", 
		"created_utc": 1315269998.0, 
		"link_karma": 31, 
		"comment_karma": 557, 
		"is_gold": false, 
		"is_mod": false, 
                "has_verified_email": false, 
		"id": "5sryd", 
		"has_mod_mail": false
	}
}
```

***
### more
| **type**       | **name**                 | **description** |
|:---------------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `List<String>` | `children`               | A list of String `id`s that are the additional `thing`s that can be downloaded but are not because there are too many to list. |


Example: 
```Json example of more
{
	"kind": "more",
	"data": {
		"children": [
			"c3y9tyh",
			"c3y9ul7", 
			"c3y9unp", 
			"c3y9uoi"
		], 
		"name": "t1_c3y9tyh", 
		"id": "c3y9tyh"
	}
}
```

Commit message:

Added `likes` everywhere, and `link_title` to message

JSON.md, after:

This document describes the data structure of an object returned when using the reddit JSON API.  Items attached with a `?` are not definite and are subject to change.  Validation and peer review are needed for those items.  They should not be taken as literal question marks.

## `thing` (reddit base class) ##
All `thing`s have these attributes:

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `id`                     | this item's identifier, e.g. "8xwlg" |
| `String`  | `name`                   | Fullname of comment, e.g. "t1_c3v7f8u" |
| `String`  | `kind`                   | All `thing`s have a `kind`.  The kind is a String identifier that denotes the object's type.  Some examples: `Listing`, `more`, `t1`, `t2` |
| `Object`  | `data`                   | A custom data structure used to hold valuable information.  This object's format will follow the data structure respective of its kind.  See below for specific structures. |

**Exception**: Listing `thing`s have neither `name` nor `id` because they are indefinite objects.  That is, they are system generated, not user submitted, and are subject to change quickly and expire.

## `listing` ##
Used to [paginate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pagination) content that is too long to display in one go.  Add the query argument `before` or `after` with the value given to get the previous or next page.  This is usually used in conjunction with a `count` argument.

**Exception**:  Unlike the other classes documented on this page, `Listing` is [not a `thing` subclass](https://github.com/reddit/reddit/blob/master/r2/r2/models/listing.py#L36), as it inherits directly from the Python base class, Object.  Although it does have `data` and `kind` as parameters, it does not have `id` and `name`.  A listing's `kind` will always be `Listing` and its data will be a List of `thing`s.

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `before`                 | The fullname of the listing that follows before this page.  `null` if there is no previous page. |
| `String`  | `after`                  | The fullname of the listing that follows after this page. `null` if there is no next page. |
| `String`  | `modhash`                | This modhash is not the same modhash provided upon login.  You do not need to update your user's modhash everytime you get a new modhash.  You can reuse the modhash given upon login. |
| `List<thing>`|  `data`               | A list of `thing`s that this Listing wraps. |

## votable (implementation) ##
All `thing`s that implement `votable` have these attributes:

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `int`     | `ups`                    | the number of upvotes. (includes own) |
| `int`     | `downs`                  | the number of downvote. (includes own) |
| `Boolean` | `likes`                  | `true` if thing is liked by the user, `false` if thing is disliked, `null` if the user has not voted or you are not logged in. Certain languages such as Java may need to use a boolean wrapper that supports null assignment.|

## created (implementation) #
All `thing`s that implement `created` have these attributes:

| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `long`    | `created`                | the time of creation in local epoch-second format. ex: `1331042771.0` |
| `long`    | `created_utc`            | the time of creation in UTC epoch-second format. Note that neither of these ever have a non-zero fraction. |


## Data Structures ##
***
### comment (implements votable | created) ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `approved_by`            | who approved this comment. null if nobody or you are not a mod |
| `String`  | `author`                 | the account name of the poster |
| `String`  | `author_flair_css_class` | the CSS class of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `String`  | `author_flair_text`      | the text of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `String`  | `banned_by`              | who removed this comment. null if nobody or you are not a mod |
| `String`  | `body`                   | the raw text.  this is the unformatted text which includes the raw markup characters such as `**` for bold. `<`, `>`, and `&` are escaped. |
| `String`  | `body_html`              | the formatted HTML text as displayed on reddit. For example, text that is emphasised by `*` will now have `<em>` tags wrapping it. Additionally, bullets and numbered lists will now be in html list format. **NOTE:** The html string will be escaped. You must unescape to get the raw html. |
| `special` | `edited`                 | `false` if not edited, edit date in UTC epoch-seconds otherwise |
| `int`     | `gilded`                 | the number of times this comment received reddit gold |
| `boolean` | `likes`                  | how the logged-in user has voted on the comment - `True` = upvoted, `False` = downvoted, `null` = no vote |
| `String`  | `link_id`                | ID of the link this comment is in |
| `String`  | `link_title`             | only present at `/r/subreddit/comments/.json`, contains what it says |
| `int`     | `num_reports`            | how many times this comment has been reported, null if not a mod |
| `String`  | `parent_id`              | ID of the thing this comment is a reply to, either the link or a comment in it |
| `String`  | `subreddit`              | subreddit of thing excluding the /r/ prefix. "pics" |
| `String`  | `subreddit_id`           | the id of the subreddit which is the thing is located in |
| `String`  | `distinguished`          | to allow determining whether they have been distinguished by moderators/admins. `null` = not distinguished. `moderator` = the green [M]. `admin` = the red [A]. `special` = various other special distinguishes http://bit.ly/ZYI47B|

***
### link (implements votable | created) ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `author`                 | the account name of the poster. null if this is a promotional link |
| `String`  | `author_flair_css_class` | the CSS class of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `String`  | `author_flair_text`      | the text of the author's flair.  subreddit specific |
| `boolean` | `clicked`                | probably always returns false |
| `String`  | `domain`                 | the domain of this link.  Self posts will be `self.reddit.com` while other examples include `en.wikipedia.org` and `s3.amazon.com` |
| `boolean` | `hidden`                 | true if the post is hidden by the logged in user.  false if not logged in or not hidden. |
| `boolean` | `is_self`                | true if this link is a selfpost |
| `boolean` | `likes`                  | how the logged-in user has voted on the link - `True` = upvoted, `False` = downvoted, `null` = no vote |
| `String`  | `link_flair_css_class`   | the CSS class of the link's flair. |
| `String`  | `link_flair_text`        | the text of the link's flair. |
| `Object`  | `media`                  | Used for streaming video. Detailed information about the video and it's origins are placed here |
| `Object`  | `media_embed`            | Used for streaming video. Technical embed specific information is found here. |
| `int`     | `num_comments`           | the number of comments that belong to this link. includes removed comments. |
| `boolean` | `over_18`                | true if the post is tagged as NSFW.  False if otherwise |
| `String`  | `permalink`              | relative url of the permanent link for this link |
| `boolean` | `saved`                  | true if this post is saved by the logged in user |
| `int`     | `score`                  | the net-score of the link.  **note:** A submission's score is simply the number of upvotes minus the number of downvotes. If five users like the submission and three users don't it will have a score of 2. Please note that the vote numbers are not "real" numbers, they have been "fuzzed" to prevent spam bots etc. So taking the above example, if five users upvoted the submission, and three users downvote it, the upvote/downvote numbers may say 23 upvotes and 21 downvotes, or 12 upvotes, and 10 downvotes. The points score is correct, but the vote totals are "fuzzed".|
| `String`  | `selftext`               | the raw text.  this is the unformatted text which includes the raw markup characters such as `**` for bold. `<`, `>`, and `&` are escaped. Empty if not present. |
| `String`  | `selftext_html`          | the formatted escaped html text.  this is the html formatted version of the marked up text.  Items that are boldened by `**` or `***` will now have `<em>` or `***` tags on them. Additionally, bullets and numbered lists will now be in html list format. ***NOTE:*** The html string will be escaped.  You must unescape to get the raw html. Null if not present. |
| `String`  | `subreddit`              | subreddit of thing excluding the /r/ prefix. "pics" |
| `String`  | `subreddit_id`           | the id of the subreddit which is the thing is located in |
| `String`  | `thumbnail`              | full url to the thumbnail for this link; "self" if this is a self post |
| `String`  | `title`                  | the title of the link. may contain newlines for some reason |
| `String`  | `url`                    | the link of this post.  the permalink if this is a self-post |
| `long`    | `edited`                 | Indicates if link has been edited. Will be the edit timestamp if the link has been edited and return false otherwise. https://github.com/reddit/reddit/issues/581 |
| `String`  | `distinguished`          | to allow determining whether they have been distinguished by moderators/admins. `null` = not distinguished. `moderator` = the green [M]. `admin` = the red [A]. `special` = various other special distinguishes http://bit.ly/ZYI47B|

***
### subreddit ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `int`     | `accounts_active`        | number of users active in last 15 minutes |
| `String`  | `description`            | sidebar text |
| `String`  | `description_html`       | sidebar text, escaped HTML format |
| `String`  | `display_name`           | human name of the subreddit |
| `String`  | `header_img`             | full URL to the header image, or null |
| `array`   | `header_size`            | width and height of the header image, or null |
| `String`  | `header_title`           | description of header image shown on hover, or null |
| `boolean` | `over18`                 | is_nsfw? |
| `String`  | `public_description`     | Description shown in subreddit search results? |
| `long`    | `subscribers`            | the number of redditors subscribed to this subreddit |
| `String`  | `title`                  | title of the main page |
| `String`  | `url`                    | The relative URL of the subreddit.  Ex: "/r/pics/" |

***
### message (implements created) ###
| **type**  | **name**                 | **description** |
|:----------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `String`  | `author`                 |  |
| `String`  | `body`                   | the message itself |
| `String`  | `body_html`              | the message itself with html formatting |
| `String`  | `context`                | does not seem to return null but an empty string instead. |
| `Message`?| `first_message`          | either null or the first message's ID represented as base 10 (wtf) |
| `boolean` | `likes`                  | how the logged-in user has voted on the message - `True` = upvoted, `False` = downvoted, `null` = no vote |
| `String`  | `link_title`             | if the message is actually a comment, contains the title of the thread it was posted in |
| `String`  | `name`                   | ex: "t4_8xwlg" |
| `boolean` | `new`                    | unread?  not sure |
| `String`  | `parent_id`              | null if no parent is attached |
| `String`  | `replies`                | Again, an empty string if there are no replies. |
| `String`  | `subject`                | subject of message |
| `String`  | `subreddit`              | null if not a comment. |
| `boolean` | `was_comment`            |  |

***
### account ###
| **type**       | **name**                 | **description** |
|:---------------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `int`          | `comment_karma`          | user's comment karma |
| `long`         | `created`                | registration date in epoch-seconds, local |
| `long`         | `created_utc`            | registration date in epoch-seconds, UTC |
| `boolean`      | `has_mail`               | user has unread mail? null if not your account |
| `boolean`      | `has_mod_mail`           | user has unread mod mail? null if not your account |
| `boolean`      | `has_verified_email`     | user has provided an email address and got it verified? |
| `String`       | `id`                     | ID of the account; prepend `t2_` to get fullname |
| `boolean`      | `is_friend`              | whether the logged-in user has this user set as a friend |
| `boolean`      | `is_gold`                | reddit gold status |
| `boolean`      | `is_mod`                 | whether this account moderates any subreddits |
| `int`          | `link_karma`             | user's link karma |
| `String`       | `modhash`                | current modhash. not present if not your account |
| `String`       | `name`                   | The username of the account in question.  This attribute overrides the superclass's `name` attribute.  Do not confuse an account's `name` which is the account's username with a thing's `name` which is the thing's FULLNAME.  See [API: Glossary](API) for details on what FULLNAMEs are. |
| `boolean`      | `over_18`                | whether this account is set to be over 18 |

Example:
```Raw account data
{	"kind": "t2", 
	"data": {
		"has_mail": false, 
		"name": "fooBar", 
		"created": 123456789.0, 
		"modhash": "f0f0f0f0f0f0f0f0...", 
		"created_utc": 1315269998.0, 
		"link_karma": 31, 
		"comment_karma": 557, 
		"is_gold": false, 
		"is_mod": false, 
                "has_verified_email": false, 
		"id": "5sryd", 
		"has_mod_mail": false
	}
}
```

***
### more
| **type**       | **name**                 | **description** |
|:---------------|:-------------------------|:----------------|
| `List<String>` | `children`               | A list of String `id`s that are the additional `thing`s that can be downloaded but are not because there are too many to list. |


Example: 
```Json example of more
{
	"kind": "more",
	"data": {
		"children": [
			"c3y9tyh",
			"c3y9ul7", 
			"c3y9unp", 
			"c3y9uoi"
		], 
		"name": "t1_c3y9tyh", 
		"id": "c3y9tyh"
	}
}
```
