Eastern Island is a coral island with an area of approximately 1.5 square kilometers, is the second largest island in the South China Sea islands. Island lush groves, lush dripping southeast side of a small freshwater lagoon. Favorable natural environment, attract many seabirds come to inhabit the island about more than 60,000 seabirds. The second largest island in the Paracel Islands in the elongate length of about 2400 m, a width of about 1000 meters, like a precious gem set in the blue waves of the South China Sea. The island throughout southern endemic species - wind resistance the Tong and claw tree, the green coverage rate of 95%, and 40 species of birds, about 100,000 white boobies and egrets, golden eagle, sea cranes perennial thrive.

East island is Chinese territory, China's southernmost Nature Reserve.([Travel Center ,travel](http://www.journeygo.com) Center ,travel)
1980, China established in the Paracel Islands in the area of 180 hectares East Island Nature Reserve mainly to protect the red-footed boobies, is also China's most southern position a nature reserve.
East Island is a coral island, an area of about 1.5 square kilometers, the second largest island in the Paracel Islands in long strips, approximately 2400 meters in length, a width of about 1000 meters, like a precious gem set in blue waves of the South China Sea. The island is a tropical marine climate, year-round high temperature and rainfall, is one of the most privileged areas of hydrothermal conditions. The profusion of tropical plants, lush woods, there are more than 20 kinds of higher plants, natural vegetation is evergreen forest of coral islands, composed of hemp Fengtong (white avoid frosted), Coast Tong, the Yinhua tree, croissants tree Goodeniaceae representative plants artificial vegetation of coconut, Terminalia (loquat), Casuarina, especially Ma Fengtong community for the red-footed boobies good dwelling places, there are about 5-10 million red-footed boobies are gathered here, like clusters of white flowers in full bloom, bright charming, sometimes the sky, circling, dancing, singing, and constitute a wonderful picture in the blue sky, spectacular, spectacular.

moncler winter coats 